https://codepen.io/wiltonblake/pen/mdJpgVL?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
          HTML that gives meaning to our content such as nav, section, footer, h1-h6, etc.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
          HTML is a language that is used to mark up normal english into hypertext.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
           An attribute is a modifier of an HTML element. It goes inside the start tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
           The h1 tag is used to identify the most important heading text. It should only be used once on a page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
           img and font and link
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
           A link to a style sheet. A link to fonts. A page title.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
           Any element. 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
           Once
    10. What is a class? 
           Class is an attribute used to define styles for elements with the same class name.
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
            Any class 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
            Unlimited 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
            Place target="_blank" as an attribute to an anchor tag
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
            To specify alternate text for an image.
    15. How do I reference an id?
            Use a # sign just before the id name.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
            The section tag defines sections in a document like chapters, headers, footers whereas div tag defines a division in an HTML document. 
    17. What is CSS used for?
            To style web pages with layout, colors, and fonts. 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
            h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
            The difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
            Use a . just before the class name.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
            .human p {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
            The parent > child selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. It is useful when you want to style several children the same way.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
            .sidebar a {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
            A pseudo-class is a selector that assists in the selection of something that cannot be expressed by a simple selector, for example. :hover. 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
            Use the line-height property.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
            letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
            text-transform: uppercase; text-transform: lowercase; text-transform: capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
            border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
            With the universal selector *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
            Start a comment with /* , and end it with */ 
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
            ?
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
            ls -la
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
            git rm -r filename There is no warning and the deletion is permanent
    34. Why should I use version control? 
            To keep track of changes especially if you are working with other people on the same files
    35. How often should I commit to github?
            Whenever you make substantial changes to a file
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
            git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
            Fork repo
            Add TL as a collaborator
            Clone repo on Github
            Clone repo on Git Bash
            cd into newly created repo
            Use the git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' command to create your own branch name for the repo 
            git add . changes
            git commit with a detailed message
            push changes back up to Github
            Select branch name in Github
            Click new pull request
            Add your TL to the Reviewers
            Submit pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
                Inline elements do not force a new line to begin in the document flow. Block elements, on the other hand, typically cause a line break to occur 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
                The computed position value is fixed. It is outside of the normal document flow.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
